In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
Don't be bemused, it's just the news!
Thank you for joining us
for this special programme.
You'll have the chance to witness
the victory of our leader,
-Scarlet Moth!
-Hail Scarlet Moth!
-Hail Scarlet Moth! Hail Scarlet Moth!
-Today shall be known as Villains' Day!
-Oh!
It's time, Scarlet Moth.
Hail Scarlet Moth!
Ladybug, Cat Noir,
I can feel your close presence.
If you want to save Paris
and all its people,
I'll give you one last chance.
Give yourselves up
and bring me your Miraculous!
Penny for your thoughts?
It's like he's been preparing for this
for a long time, but we...
-We're not prepared for this.
-Yes, we are!
We've already fought them all and won.
And there are five of us this time.
If we want to win,
we have to defeat Hawk Moth,
even though we've never fought him before.
Hawk Moth!
I hope you enjoyed Volpina's illusion,
because the real Ladybug
will never hand you over her Miraculous!
And we've got a better idea.
You're going to give us your Miraculous!
-You may have akumatized warriors...
-But we're a whole team of superheroes!
You're going to wish you never wore
that utterly ridiculous costume!
Ha, ha, ha! I understand you want a fight.
Then so be it!
Guitar Villain, Frightningale, music!
-Awesome solo!
-[sings]
[TV] So it begins!
The scarlet army is on its way to crush
these pathetic Miraculous holders!
Don't forget our main objective,
Hawk Moth!
Well, it's a simple plan, then.
Go for the big, bad boss.
-Let's get him!
-I'll cover you!
You can count on me, Ladybug!
Cyclone!
Horus, give me your wings!
Thunderbolt!
Carapace, shield!
Your swords are no match for Cat Noir!
Show 'em what you've got!
Queen Bee, Pharaoh's pendant!
Well done!
Hmm? Aaah!
Rena Rouge, rescue!
Good aim, Chloé!
It's Queen Bee to you, Fox.
-We make a pretty cool team!
-Not bad. But it's not over yet!
-It's all going to plan, Catalyst.
-Nothing's more delightful
than leading them to believe
they have a chance of winning
when their future
has already been decided!
Over to you, Dark Cupid!
People of Paris!
Just like our superheroes,
we will never give in
to evil and villainy!
Together, we shall resist!
Together, we will triumph!
-[phone rings]
-Huh?
Uh... Ahem! Yes, honey?
-What are you doing? Hurry up, André!
-Yes, yes, my dear. I'm on my way!
Ahem! Meanwhile,
I will supervise Paris' defence...
from my helicopter!
Thank you!
Audrey, my darling,
where... where's Chloé?
Out playing superheroes again, probably.
Chloé shouldn't be playing
the superheroine!
It's unacceptable, utterly unacceptable!
Mademoiselle will have to be punished!
Nice work, Dark Cupid!
The Bourgeois family is now in place
to follow my plan. Ha, ha, ha, ha!
Style Queen, Malediktator, Despair Bear.
Chloé never does what she's told, huh?
Well, now I'm giving you the power
to punish her once and for all!
There's bad weather on the way!
Your forecast was wrong, Ice Queen!
-No!
-Gotcha!
Your days of attacking innocent people
will soon be over, Hawk Moth!
Lucky charm!
Hmm.
Get ready! I'm gonna need all of you!
The time has come, Dark Cupid!
What?
What a incredible twist! Those lousy
heroes didn't even see it coming!
Hawk Moth is using Dark Cupid to create
all the negative emotions he needs!
-This is a nightmare!
-Stay focused!
Villains must never prevail!
Fall on them like rain, my scarlet akumas!
Hmm?
Watch out!
Oh, no!
Now watch Scarlet Moth's relentless plan
to get rid of your precious protectors!
[evil laugh]
Carapace, watch out!
Rena! No! Not you!
Grr!
Hands off!
You flyweight!
Rena Rouge,
don't let negative emotions take over
or you might get akumatized too!
-And that's exactly what Hawk Moth wants!
-Hold on!
You are not cut out to be a hero!
Let go of me, you weakling!
Shh... Easy...
You don't have to worry about me, Ladybug!
I'll never let my emotions
get the better of me!
You should never say "never".
Chloé!
Daddy? Mommy?
Queen Bee, focus!
By the power vested in me,
stop playing superheroes!
I am now... Rena Rage!
No!
Carapace, no!
There is no more Carapace!
There is only Shell Shock!
Stop!
Queen Bee!
That's Queen Wasp to you, Cockroach!
This might be a good time
to use that lucky charm of yours!
I needed all of us to make it work.
I can't do anything with it now!
Game, set and match, Ladybug.
-I don't see how we'll get out of this.
-We can't lose hope,
-or we'll get akumatized too.
-Pretty cataclysmic situation, huh?
Cataclysm! That's it!
Beneath us, Cat Noir!
Of course! Cataclysm!
No more Ladybug and Cat Noir!
Have they destroyed themselves, or... ?
I'm about to transform back!
I'll go this way. You go that way!
That was a close one!
Claws in!
Enjoy it, but don't take too long.
Let's share it. You're gonna need it too!
Thank you, Plagg!
Animan! Track down Ladybug and Cat Noir.
They must not escape!
You OK, Ladybug?
Hawk Moth has never re-akumatized so many
people in one go! Something's changed.
Maybe he's figured out how to boost
his powers, just like we did.
You still think we can win?
Like you said, we can't lose hope!
People are relying on us.
But our team crumbled.
Then let's go back
to what's always worked, a duo!
You and me against the world, Milady!
[growling]
They're coming!
You like water rides?
Don't forget to put your diving gear on!
Tikki, power up!
Plagg, power up!
Whoa!
Syren!
Better get fishing!
It'll take time to de-akumatize
all his villains one by one.
Which is exactly why
we have to take on Hawk Moth directly.
He's using his cane
to re-akumatize his victims.
If we can destroy it, he won't have
an army fighting for him any more.
Ha, ha, ha! Behold my triumph, Parisians!
Your champions are trapped!
-Spots off!
-Claws in!
Aaah!
You sure don't want to miss
what's coming next!
Time to show everyone
that the real Ladybug is back!
Look! The heroes are back!
Whoo-whoo!
Stop filming, Prime Queen!
No more escaping for you, knaves!
Down with the enemy!
I suggest we take a little detour!
Couldn't agree more, Milady!
-Any miraculous ideas, Milady?
-Besides running and surviving, you mean?
Parisians,
we can be heroes, just for one day!
Yes! Yes!
What? A revolution? Charge!
Run!
Are you OK?
-It's awesome seeing you guys again!
-Parisians are all on your side!
We'll slow them down.
You two go save the world!
You are all fantastic, thank you!
Take care!
Thank you!
Get them, my giants!
Destroy Ladybug and Cat Noir and anyone
else who tries to stand in your way!
[honking]
Car. Vroom!
People are amazing!
That's precisely why you should never
give up hope, Kitty!
They're more resistant than I expected.
But we still have
the last phase of our plan!
You take care of the ice-cream man.
With pleasure.
All this fighting's made me hungry!
It's down to the three of us, Hawk Moth.
Cataclysm!
Lucky charm!
It's a sign, Hawk Moth. A sign that your
Miraculous will wind up inside this box!
Are you sure
you're not making a serious mistake?
How do you know
the wish I was planning to make
wouldn't have been beneficial?
If you were to make a wish,
there'd be a price to pay.
Why don't you tell us your wish,
Hawk Moth?
Give me your Miraculous and find out.
Unlike you,
I'm not afraid to use these powers.
Since you are so good,
why did you never bother
to change the world for the better?
We are changing the world for the better
every day by our actions,
not just by wishing it
or at the expense of innocent citizens!
Whatever your wish, it can only be evil,
judging by all the havoc you wreak.
The time has come.
You're about to triumph, at last!
It's not too late.
You can fight for good, with us.
Aaah!
No!
-You're such a coward, Hawk Moth!
-But there's no hiding this time!
Now!
No!
No! Argh! Ah!
All right, kids. Watch what a man
who's got nothing to lose can do.
You're never going to win,
not today or any other day!
You're still so green, young superheroes.
You can't even stay transformed
after you've used your powers!
Need a hand?
You're caught in our net, Hawk Moth.
You're not going anywhere!
Venom! I'll paralyse him,
then he'll be all yours, Ladybug!
Hawk Moth, I am Mayura.
You're up against the wall,
plagued by despair.
Let me help you.
No! Don't do that!
Let your despair be embodied
in a powerful protection!
What is that monster? Aaah!
A feather! The second Miraculous
that Master Fu lost...
Was a peacock!
Ladybug! Hawk Moth!
He must have escaped
when that monster appeared.
Hawk Moth is no longer working alone.
He had help from the owner
of the Peacock Miraculous.
Maybe this will help us track him.
Argh! Argh!
Master?
There goes our last chance of finding him.
He must have de-transformed!
We've gotta split, guys.
But before that... Miraculous Ladybug!
Here.
Thank you, Marinette.
I told you never to use
the Peacock Miraculous!
I had no choice, sir! I had to save you!
[coughs]
It's damaged! It's way too dangerous.
I want to help you
all the way to the end.
Thank you, Nathalie.
For everything.
There's no way I'm trying
your homemade stuff. Too risky!
[sobs]
Taken! Taken as well!
But there's a free seat over there!
Here, here, here.
-Aaah!
-May I?
No... Um... go away, no... I mean...
go ahead! Please stand... I mean, sit!
Thanks!
-[phone rings]
-Oh!
Oh, no! My father wants me to attend
a charity event he's throwing.
I can't stay.
I wanted to tell you, Rose was right
earlier. You're always helping people.
Like when you helped Juleka
overcome her class photo curse,
or when you partnered Nathaniel and Marc
to make a comic book,
or when you helped me get to the movies
so I could see my mother on the screen.
That's why everyone
helped you with the picnic!
So, today, it was our turn to help you!
You're our everyday Ladybug.
Have a good evening, Super-Marinette!
Adrien!
Uh... uh... uh... I... uh...
Thank you!
You're welcome, Marinette.
[cheering]